[IMP] livechat: update commands and canned responses (#4059)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/livechat/responses.rst

*canned responses*. These are customized, pre-configured substitutions that allow users to replace
shortcut entries in place of longer, well-thought out responses to some of the most common questions
and comments.

Both commands and canned responses save time, and allow users to maintain a level of consistency
throughout their conversations.

Execute a command
=================

Live chat *commands* are keywords that trigger pre-configured actions. When a live chat *operator*
is participating in a conversation with a customer or website visitor, they can execute a command by
typing `/`, followed by the command.

Commands, and the resulting actions, are only visible in the conversation window for the live chat
operator. A customer will not see any commands that an operator uses in a conversation from their
view of the chat.

.. image:: responses/responses-ticket-link.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the chat window with a helpdesk ticket created in Odoo Live Chat.

More information about each available command can be found below.

Help
----

If an operator types `/help` in the chat window, an informative message that includes the potential

> entry types an operator can make is displayed.

Reviewer: Entries like...?

   :align: center
   :alt: View of the message generated from using the /help command in Odoo Live Chat.

.. seealso::
  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/get_started`
  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/team_communication`

Helpdesk & Helpdesk search
--------------------------

The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands allow operators to both create helpdesk tickets
directly from a conversation, and search through existing tickets by keyword or ticket number.

.. important::
   The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands can only be used if the *Helpdesk* app has been
   installed, and *Live Chat* has been activated on a *Helpdesk* team. To activate :guilabel:`Live
   Chat`, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk application --> Configuration --> Teams`, and select a
   team. Scroll to the :guilabel:`Channels` section and check the box labeled :guilabel:`Live Chat`.

Create a ticket from a live chat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an operator types `/helpdesk` in the chat window, the conversation is used to create a *Helpdesk*
ticket.

After entering the `/helpdesk` command, select a title for the ticket and type it into the chat

> window, then press `Enter`.

Reviewer: do you select AND type a title or ONLY type a title after entering the command?

.. image:: responses/helpdesk.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a helpdesk search in a Live Chat conversation.

The newly created ticket will be added to the *Helpdesk* team that has live chat enabled. If more
than one team has live chat enabled, the ticket will automatically be assigned based on the team's
priority.

The transcript from the conversation will be added to the new ticket, under the
:guilabel:`Description` tab.

To access the new ticket, click on the link in the chat window, or go to the
:menuselection:`Helpdesk app` and click the :guilabel:`Tickets` button on the kanban card for the
appropriate team.

Search for a ticket from a live chat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an operator types `/helpdesk_search` in the chat window, they can search through *Helpdesk*
tickets by ticket number or keyword.

After entering the `/helpdesk_search` command, type a keyword or ticket number, then press `Enter`.

> If a related ticket is found, a link will be generated in the conversation window.

Reviewer: What if the operator searches by keyword  and there are multiple entries found?
Are all of the entries seen by the customer, or only the operator?
If there are multiple entries, does the operator have to select one to share with the customer?

.. image:: responses/helpdesk-search.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a helpdesk search in a Live Chat conversation.

History
-------

If an operator types `/history` in the chat window, it will generate a list of the most recent pages
the visitor has viewed on the website (up to 15).

.. image:: responses/responses-history.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a /history command in a Live Chat conversation.

Lead
----

By typing `/lead` in the chat window, an operator can create a *lead* in the *CRM* application.
After typing `/lead`, create a title for this new lead, then press `Enter`.

.. image:: responses/responses-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a /lead command in a Live Chat conversation.

.. important::
   The `/lead` command can only be used if the *CRM* app has been installed.

> To access the lead, click the link in the chat window, or navigate to the :menuselection:`CRM` app

Reviewer: What link?
Is there one that appears after typing `/lead`, typing a title, and pressing enter?
Is that link viewable by only operators or can the customer see it too?

to view the :guilabel:`Pipeline`.

> The transcript of the conversation is added to the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab of the lead form.

Reviewer: specificity
```suggestion
The transcript of that specific live chat session (where the lead was created) is added to the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab of the lead form.
```

On the :guilabel:`Extra Information` tab of the lead form, the :guilabel:`Source` will be listed as
:guilabel:`Livechat`.

Leave
-----

> If an operator types `/leave` in the chat window, they can automatically exit the conversation.

Reviewer: What happens after that for the web visitor / customer?

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads`
   - :doc:`/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started`

Canned responses
================

*Canned responses* are customizable inputs where a *shortcut* stands in for a longer response. An
operator will enter the shortcut, and it will automatically be replaced by the expanded
*substitution* response in the conversation.

Create canned responses
-----------------------

To create a new canned response, go to :menuselection:`Live Chat app --> Configuration --> Canned
Responses --> New`.

> From here, choose a shortcut and enter it into the :guilabel:`Shortcut` field.

Reviewer: there's no "choice" to be made on the UI
```suggestion
From here, type the shortcut command into the :guilabel:`Shortcut` field.
```

Help
----

If an operator types `/help` in the chat window, an informative message that includes the potential
entry types an operator can make is displayed.

.. image:: responses/responses-help.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the message generated from using the /help command in Odoo Live Chat.

.. seealso::
  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/get_started`
  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/team_communication`

Helpdesk & Helpdesk search
--------------------------

The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands allow operators to both create helpdesk tickets
directly from a conversation, and search through existing tickets by keyword or ticket number.

.. important::
   The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands can only be used if the *Helpdesk* app has been
   installed, and *Live Chat* has been activated on a *Helpdesk Team*. To activate :guilabel:`Live
   Chat`, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk application --> Configuration --> Teams`, and select a
   team. Scroll to the :guilabel:`Channels` section and check the box labeled :guilabel:`Live Chat`.

Create a ticket from a live chat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If an operator types `/helpdesk` in the chat window, the conversation is used to create a *Helpdesk
> Ticket*.

Reviewer 2: No app name italics on ticket :)
```suggestion
If an operator types `/helpdesk` in the chat window, the conversation is used to create a *Helpdesk*
ticket.
```

After entering the `/helpdesk` command, select a title for the ticket and type it into the chat
window, then press `Enter`.

.. image:: responses/helpdesk.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a helpdesk search in a Live Chat conversation.

The newly created ticket will be added to the *Helpdesk* team that has live chat enabled. If more
than one team has live chat enabled, the ticket will automatically be assigned based on the team's
priority.

The transcript from the conversation will be added to the new ticket, under the
:guilabel:`Description` tab.

> To access the new ticket, click on the link in the chat window, or go to the
> :menuselection:`Helpdesk app` and click the :guilabel:`Tickets` button on the kanban card for the

Reviewer 2: Keep "app" out of the menuselection where applicable 
```suggestion
To access the new ticket, click on the link in the chat window, or go to the
:menuselection:`Helpdesk` app and click the :guilabel:`Tickets` button on the kanban card for the
```

Reviewer: This is up to the contributor actually; we don't have a hard guideline on this.

Reviewer 2: Ah ok understood, sorry @jero-odoo! So to be clear, the following are ok:
```
go to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk app` and click the ✅
```
and
```
go to the :menuselection:`Helpdesk` app and click the ✅
```
As well as with italics?
```
This can also be done from the *Helpdesk app* by navigating to... ❓
```

.. important::
   The `/lead` command can only be used if the *CRM* app has been installed.

To access the lead, click the link in the chat window, or navigate to the :menuselection:`CRM app`
to view the :guilabel:`Pipeline`.

The transcript of the conversation is added to the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab of the lead form.
On the :guilabel:`Extra Information` tab of the lead form, the :guilabel:`Source` will be listed as
:guilabel:`Livechat`.

Leave
-----

If an operator types `/leave` in the chat window, they can automatically exit the conversation.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads`
   - :doc:`/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started`

Canned responses
================

*Canned responses* are customizable inputs where a *shortcut* stands in for a longer response. An
operator will enter the shortcut, and it will automatically be replaced by the expanded
*substitution* response in the conversation.

Create canned responses
-----------------------

To create a new canned response, go to :menuselection:`Live Chat app --> Configuration --> Canned
Responses --> New`.

> From here, choose a :guilabel:`Shortcut` and enter it into the :guilabel:`Shortcut` field.
> 
> Then, click into the :guilabel:`Substitution` field, and enter the custom message that will be sent
> to visitors in place of the :guilabel:`Shortcut`. Click :guilabel:`Save`.
> 
> .. tip::
>    Try to connect the :guilabel:`Shortcut` to the topic of the :guilabel:`Substitution`. The easier
>    it is for the *operators* to remember, the easier it will be to use the *canned responses* in
>    conversations.

Reviewer 2: Gui use– use gui when referring to only the active element on the screen (the field), otherwise you're referring to the _shortcut_/_substitution_ the user is inputting.

Also no need for italics on operator or canned responses
```suggestion
From here, choose a shortcut and enter it into the :guilabel:`Shortcut` field.

Then, click into the :guilabel:`Substitution` field, and enter the custom message that will be sent
to visitors in place of the shortcut. Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. tip::
   Try to connect the shortcut to the topic of the substitution. The easier it is for the operators
   to remember, the easier it will be to use the canned responses in conversations.
```

questions and comments.

Both *commands* and *canned responses* save time, and allow users to maintain a level of
consistency throughout their conversations.

Execute a command
=================

Live chat *commands* are keywords that triggers pre-configured actions. When a live chat *operator*
is participating in a conversation with a customer or visitor, they can execute a command by typing
`/` followed by the command.

Commands, and the resulting actions, will only be visible in the conversation window for a live
chat operator. A customer will not see any commands entered on their end of the chat.

  .. image:: responses/live-chat-responses-ticket-link.png
     :align: center
     :alt: View of the chat window with a helpdesk ticket created in Odoo Live Chat.

More information about each available command can be found below.

Help
----

If an operator types `/help` in the chat window, an informative message that includes the potential
entry types an operator can make is displayed.

.. image:: responses/live-chat-responses-help.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the message generated from using the /help command in Odoo Live Chat.

.. seealso::

> 

Reviewer 2: do not need an extra space within a .. seealso::

  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/get_started`
  - :doc:`/applications/productivity/discuss/overview/team_communication`

Helpdesk & Helpdesk search
--------------------------

> The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands allow operators to both create :guilabel:`Helpdesk`

Reviewer 2: no guilabel on helpdesk tickets since it is a generic term

tickets directly from a conversation, and search through existing tickets by keyword or ticket
number.

.. important::
   - The `/helpdesk` and `/helpdesk_search` commands can only be used if the :guilabel:`Helpdesk`

>      app has been installed, and :guilabel:`Live Chat` has been activated on a :guilabel:`Helpdesk

Reviewer 2: Italicize _Helpdesk_, _Live Chat_, and _Helpdesk Team_ before the active instruction begins

     Team`. To activate :guilabel:`Live Chat`, go to :menuselection:`Helpdesk application -->
     Configuration --> Teams`, and select a team. Scroll to the :guilabel:`Channels` section and
     check the box labeled :guilabel:`Live Chat`.

Create a ticket from a live chat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an operator types `/helpdesk` in the chat window, the conversation is used to create a
:guilabel:`Helpdesk Ticket`.

After entering the `/helpdesk` command, select a title for the ticket and type it into the chat
window, then press `Enter`.

.. image:: responses/live-chat-helpdesk.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a helpdesk search in a Live Chat conversation.

> The newly created ticket will be added to the :guilabel:`Helpdesk` team that has live chat enabled.

Reviewer 2: Helpdesk should also be italicized here rather than :guilabel:

If there is more than one team with live chat enabled, the ticket will automatically be assigned
based on the team's priority.

The transcript from the conversation will be added to the new ticket, under the
:guilabel:`Description` tab.

To view the new ticket, click on the link in the chat window. or go to
:menuselection:`Helpdesk app` and click the :guilabel:`Tickets` button on the kanban card for
the appropriate team.

Search for a ticket from a live chat
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an operator types `/helpdesk_search` in the chat window, they can search through

> :guilabel:`Helpdesk` tickets by ticket number or keyword.

Reviewer 2: Italicize _Helpdesk_ here

After entering the `/helpdesk_search` command, type a keyword or ticket number, then press `Enter`.
If a related ticket is found, a link will be generated in the conversation window.

.. image:: responses/live-chat-helpdesk-search.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a helpdesk search in a Live Chat conversation.

History
-------

> If an operator types `/history` in the chat window, it will generate a list of the most recent

Reviewer 2: can break line later after `pages`

:guilabel:`CRM` application. After typing `/lead`, create a title for this new lead, then press
`Enter`.

.. image:: responses/live-chat-responses-lead.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the results from a /lead command in a Live Chat conversation.

The `/lead` command can only be used if the :guilabel:`CRM` app has been installed. To access the
:guilabel:`lead`, click on the link in the chat window, or navigate to the :menuselection:`CRM app`
to view the :guilabel:`Pipeline`.

The transcript of the conversation is added to the :guilabel:`Internal Notes` tab of the
lead form. On the :guilabel:`Extra Information` tab of the lead form, the :guilabel:`Source` will
be listed as :guilabel:`Livechat`.

Leave
-----

If an operator types `/leave` in the chat window, they can automatically exit the conversation.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads`
   - :doc:`/applications/services/helpdesk/overview/getting_started`

Canned responses
================

*Canned responses* are customizable inputs where a shortcut stands in for a longer response. An
operator will enter the :guilabel:`Shortcut`, and it will automatically be replaced by the expanded

> :guilabel:`Substitution` response in the conversation.

Reviewer 2: lets remove the :guilabel: from substitution, make it lowercase, and italicize it

Create canned responses
-----------------------

> To create a new :guilabel:`Canned Response`, go to :menuselection:`Live Chat app --> Configuration

Reviewer 2: remove the :guilabel: from Canned Response and make it lowercase

--> Canned Responses --> New`.

From here, choose a :guilabel:`Shortcut` and enter it into the :guilabel:`Shortcut` field.

Then, click into the :guilabel:`Substitution` field, and enter the custom message that will be sent
to visitors in place of the :guilabel:`Shortcut`. Click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. tip::
   Try to connect the :guilabel:`Shortcut` to the topic of the :guilabel:`Substitution`. The easier
   it is for the *operators* to remember, the easier it will be to use the *canned responses* in
   conversations.

Use canned responses in a live chat conversation
------------------------------------------------

> To use a *Canned response* during a live chat conversation, type a colon (`:`)  into the chat

Reviewer 2: canned response does not italics here
